Document `Array.find` & `Array.findIndex`. (#141)
grain-lang/grain-lang.org: src/stdlib/array.md

```

Checks if the item is an element of the input array. Uses the generic `==` structural equality operator.

### Array.**find**

```grain

> find : (a -> Bool, Array<a>) -> Number 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
find : (a -> Bool, Array<a>) -> a
```

```

> `Array.find(fn, array)` calls `fn` on each element of the array and returns the first element which matches the condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Array.find(fn, array)` calls `fn` on each element of the array and returns the first element for which `fn` returns `true`.
```

### Array.**findIndex**

```grain

> find : (a -> Bool, Array<a>) -> Number 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
findIndex : (a -> Bool, Array<a>) -> Number 
```

```

> `Array.findIndex(fn, array)` calls `fn` on each element of the array and returns the index of the first element which matches the condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Array.findIndex(fn, array)` calls `fn` on each element of the array and returns the index of the first element for which `fn` returns `true`.
```
